# Homework 4 AI Synthesis Activity

## Activity: You used AI

### Part 1

> Cite the usage by including screenshots, a text transcript, or a link to the conversation with your AI of choice. Make sure to include any context, instructions, and all the conversations you had with the AI.

https://chatgpt.com/share/69226e12-311c-800d-bcc0-0aa08a5a513d

### Part 2

> Write about why you used AI. Was there a gap in knowledge you wanted to fill? Were the answers through traditional search engines not adequate? Did you want to let AI help you format something in a quick manner?
I used AI because it could give me varying examples and tips on how to generate controlled components, which is very useful for this projects, since there are a lot of states that change often when the user interacts with the webpage. The answers in traditional search engines were adequate but AI makes it very digestible, which allows me to gain the foundational knowledge on controlled components, making it easier to understand how to build features you can use alongside the components such as triggering forms, catching pokemons, etc.

### Part 3

> Evaluate the AI's response. If you asked multiple questions, you can pick one of the responses the AI generated. Does the AI answer your question properly? Does it hallucinate any details? Could there be room to improve this response through manual editing? Did you accept this response fully or adapt parts of it into your work?
Yes, the AI answered my questions properly. As asked, it gave several varying examples and gave me great tips on writing controlled components, such as giving an example with multiple inputs, which is useful when generating a BoxForm for editing box entries. No, it does not hallucinate any details. Yes, I feel like the tips were a little basic and more details could have been added to the tips. Yes, I adapted parts of it into my work, such as the syntax of the controlled components and the form inputs.

### Part 4

> If you used unfamiliar syntax or concepts generated by AI within your assignment, be sure to research them and explain what those concepts are to demonstrate your understanding.
Controlled components are form input elements whose values are entirely controlled by React state. It allows React to update their values for better input handling and is very useful for form validation, in the case you want to access the input's value from the component's state and apply validation logic before updating the state, which helps make sure the form has correct data being submitted. It is also useful for when dynamic UI updates are required.
---
